Add `Trainer(gradient_clip_algorithm='value'|'norm')` (#6123)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/advanced/training_tricks.rst

Gradient Clipping
-----------------
Gradient clipping may be enabled to avoid exploding gradients. By default, this will `clip the gradient norm
<https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/nn.html#torch.nn.utils.clip_grad_norm_>`_ computed over all model parameters together.

> If gradient_clip_algorithm option is set to 'value', which is 'norm' by default, this will
> `clip the gradient value <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/nn.html#torch.nn.utils.clip_grad_value_>`_ for each parameter instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ``gradient_clip_algorithm`` option is set to ``value``, which is ``norm`` by default, this will
`clip the gradient value <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/nn.html#torch.nn.utils.clip_grad_value_>`_ for each parameter instead.
```

    # clip gradients with norm above 0.5
    trainer = Trainer(gradient_clip_val=0.5)

    # clip gradients with value above 0.5

>     trainer = Trainer(gradient_clip_val=0.5, gradient_clip_algorithm='value')

Reviewer 2: can we list or refer to the code what are the types, maybe just link to `GradClipAlgorithmType`

Author: Good idea. I changed the documentation, but don't know the way I did is correct.
